Ah, do you miss the Sifeng people?
I don't know, the eldest lady doesn't know
Say
Who gave you the guts to power the Quartet oh oops
It hasn't been investigated yet.
Don't be impulsive
I don't have a lady, you see
I've been setting up drinks here all the time
Welcome to stop
You are
Brother Sifang, listen to my explanation?
i
Miss
I'll do the pouring
The party's about to start
Everyone, come in quickly, please
Talking at home
I almost misunderstood the private server.
I told you
My brother is a famous Jie in the imperial capital business district
He doesn't look like his brother-in-law
Need me to stare at all the time
The wife is joking, let's have a drink
Well, thanks, brother-in-law.
Try to accompany you first
Chu Sifeng
Are you the real gentleman they call you?
Or do you have someone else in mind?